♪♪
♪ I'm seeing lots of spots ♪
♪ Plenty of polka dots ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ Can't catch
a furry flurry ♪
♪ Running in a blurry hurry ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Canines on the run ♪
♪ Them doggone dogs are fun ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Without fail you'll wind up
chasing your tail ♪
♪ What's the harm
in revelrous adventures ♪
♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Life's just a bed of roses ♪
♪ Fast friends
with cold, wet noses ♪
-♪ 1-0-1 ♪
-♪ Through thick, thin,
push and pull ♪
♪ It's 1-0-1
oh wonderful! ♪
♪ Just tons of fun ♪
♪ 101 Dalmatians! ♪
Cadpig: Are you all aware that
tomorrow is Valentine's Day,
a joyous celebration
of the power
and importance
of love and friendship,
and the ultimate guilt trip:
the opportunity
to give a Valentine
to someone who didn't
give you one
and watch 'em squirm?!
I love it!
She scares me sometimes.
Huh, only sometimes?
Hey, what's Roger up to?
He's acting weird.
Maybe he's got a wedgie.
All right,
a mystery!
Let's follow it.
I did it, I did it!
Whoa! Ugh!
Hey! Ugh!
I think I hear... music?
Oh, no, he's not taking up
the trombone again!
Roger can do a lot of damage
with a wind instrument.
Last time
the chickens mutinied.
It wasn't pretty.
Roger,
why is this door locked?
I need to use the computer.
Now we'll see
what's going on.
Now?
Why not?
Um, no reason.
Now's a great time.
I guess.
What's in the box, dear?
What box?
Oh, oh, you mean
this box?
Oh, I'm, uh, working
on a new video game,
the Hunchbox
or Notre Dame.
Gotta go ring some bells.
See ya!
That man is up to something.
And we're gonna
find out what it is.
Hmm.
Not a single Valentine.
Good. They take up too much room
in my mailbox anyway.
Besides,
all those fattening sweets
and drippy chocolate hearts
would ruin my girlish figure.
Ugh!
-Ohh!
Valentines don't make
a real woman happy.
Ugh! Only hippy.
Now, where are
those two nimrods?
Can't they see my mailbox
needs fixing?
Careful.
One loud noise,
and the whole thing
will be ruined.
Ohhh!
Cruella: Jasper! Horace!
-Aaaah!
I hired you two to scrub
and dust, not use my kitchen!
Yowwww!
Burning... Ow-ow-ow!
It was all his idea.
He wanted to bake
a Valentine's Day cake.
Valentine's Day cake?
Why, you portly
little scamp.
Whoever
is it for?
Well, as soon as I put
the frosting on it,
I was hoping that Nanny
might like it.
Oh, Nanny... Nanny!
You loathsome piece
of gristle.
Get out of my kitchen!
Be gone!
Excuse me, ma'am, but could you
throw me the frosting?
Hmm! Thank you, ma'am.
Memo to myself.
See to it that Valentine's Day
is wiped off the calendar!
Whoa!
Gotta clean that up.
Pick that up.
Ahh!
Nooo!
Oh, no, he's not gonna try
to hide it in the toolshed.
Oh! I'm outta here.
Me, too. I don't wanna be
around when the door opens.
Where are you going?
Well, discretion
is the better part
of avoiding pain.
Aaaah!
Lucky: Things get a little tough
and everybody bails.
All right!
Now we'll get
to the bottom of this.
Whoa!
Roger's voice:
♪ You love me
and I love you ♪
♪ With a heart
so full and true ♪
♪ Be my Valentine
I plead ♪
♪ Anita, love,
you're what I need ♪
A Valentine?
Eww, gross!
Some big mystery.
Dumpling: Oh, Lucky,
it's beautiful!
Dumpling?
And you couldn't even
wait till tomorrow
to give it to me!
But...
Oh, it's got candy, too!
It's not for you.
Oh, don't be coy,
cuddle bumps.
I don't mind getting
love loot early.
But, Dumpling,
it's not for you!
So let go!
Whoa!
Listen, sweet cheeks,
if that's for another girl,
there's a pig
knuckle sandwich
with your name on it.
Back off, Dumpling!
It's for Anita,
from Roger.
Hey, the Valentine.
Where is the Valentine?
Oh, no!
Scorch has
the neatest Valentine
'cause I was nosing around
where I didn't belong.
What a jerk!
You can say
that again!
Huh?
Looks like I'm the one
who's gonna have to get it back.
Roger :
I can't believe this!
I finally remember to make
Anita's Valentine
and this happens.
Good job, Lucky.
The anti-Cupid
strikes again.
Come on, guys, you gotta help me
get it back.
Excuse me. Scorch has it.
Scorch eats chickens.
Do you see a problem here?
How about I just cheer you on
proudly from the sidelines?
Besides, it's at Cruella's.
Imagine what
she'll be doing to us
while Scorch
is eating Spot.
Ugh! Thanks for the visual.
You won't be doing
this for me.
You'll be doing it
for Roger,
and Anita,
your country,
the flag,
apple pie!
Both: Huh?
Cut to the chase, we're doing it
to save your butt!
I can live with that.
I can send myself flowers.
Hello, Flowers
I want to send myself
a bouquet, anonymously.
Sign the card, "I love me!"
No, I can't give you my name,
it would spoil the surprise!
Nincompoops.
♪ You love me
and I love you ♪
♪ With a heart
so full and true ♪
What is that horrible racket?
-Scorch!
It's a Valentine!
Someone left me a Valentine!
There's only one explanation
for this.
Either the house is infested
with large, romantically
inclined termites...
...or I have a secret admirer.
Hoo-hah!
I've always said
I love Valentine's Day!
Now, all I have to do is find
my bashful Lothario
so he can declare
his undying devotion to me!
Memo to myself.
Get it in writing.
Why can't I just give
Nanny the cake and say,
"Happy Valentine's Day"?
Dweeb. Nanny thinks
we're criminals.
We're not criminals.
We're consultants on parole.
Listen, doofus.
You want to get on
Nanny's good side,
you're gonna have to
creep up on her.
Here she comes.
Go for it,
you romantic devil, you!
Whoa! Oh, dear! Oh...
Whoa!
-Horace: Owww!
Think it's time for plan B.
♪ You love me
and I love you ♪
♪ With a heart
so full and true ♪
Oh, I can't wait to
personalize everything
when I find out
who the little monkey is!
Ha ha ha!
And I will find him!
Ooh, yes, I will.
Oh, I tell you, I didn't
give you a Valentine!
Oh, no need to be coy,
you salty, seafaring
hunk of hard tack.
Oh, pl-please!
Avast! Repel
off-board.
You know Starbuck's
only in love with
himself!
What he said.
Good point.
Your loss, sailor.
He can't hide from me forever!
Hello.
Oh!
She's tough.
You're on your own.
This plan really stinks, Lucky!
You got a better idea?
Truthfully,
I thought eight-track tapes
were a better idea.
Yeah, Scorch isn't
just gonna hand
the Valentine over, you know.
Look!
We've found it.
Now, how do we get it?
Ralphie: I'm telling you, Cru,
I don't feel that way about ya.
You're my business rival.
It would be unethical of me
to like you.
Ohhh!
Oh, fess up,
Ralphie, darling!
Who else can it be?
I'm a lot of things, Cru,
but I'm not as dumb as I look.
Oh, you're right.
Anyone who wears
such gauche undergarments
doesn't have the taste to
appreciate a prize like me.
-Go for it.
-Atta-girl, Spot!
Sometimes, it really pays off
to have a pup that can fly.
Cruella: And what have we here?
Yike!
You know I hate spots
in my nice, clean house.
You disgusting vermin
are the perfect ending
to an absolutely
horrendous day!
But I'll feel better
when you're gone.
It's him!
My secret admirer!
He's come at last!
Oh, it's you.
Here, take out the trash.
Actually, I just
came by to see
if you found
my Valentine.
That's your Valentine?
You've got it?
Got it?
Of course I've got it.
And I'll tell you this!
Mmm! I love it.
Oh, Roger, this is such
a happy surprise.
"Roger"!
You remembered
my name!
Oh, of course, Roger.
I'd never forget
the name
of my very own
secret admirer.
Would I, hmm?
Well, don't just stand there
admiring me from afar!
Come in and admire me.
Roger: Whoa!
I can't begin to
tell you, Roger, dear,
what this Valentine
means to me.
To be admired
and esteemed,
even by someone as
innocuous as you,
well, we can
at least be
good friends,
can we not?
Good friends? But--
I especially like the song.
♪ You love me
and I love you ♪
♪ With a heart
so full and true ♪
Oh, Roger,
you've captured me in song.
But I wasn't thinking
about you at all.
♪ Be my Valentine
I plead ♪
♪ Anita, love,
you're what I need ♪
Anita?
You made this
for your wife?
What is the world
coming to?
After all we've
meant to each
other, Rumpus.
B-b-but...
we didn't mean anything.
We could have!
-But--
-Get out!
-I said get out!
Roger: Whoa! Ooh!
But...
my Valentine!
Memo to myself.
Erase Valentine's Day
from the face of the earth.
If I don't get a Valentine,
nobody gets a Valentine!
Rolly: I don't think this is
gonna replace the Valentine
Roger made for Anita.
Relax! Anita will never
know the difference.
She's just a human.
You guys,
Cruella's stealing
all the hearts
from everywhere
and everyplace.
Poor Cruella.
She needs TLC.
She needs love.
She needs help.
Okay, let me
get this straight.
You want us to help Cruella,
a known puppy hater
who wants to wipe us
off the face of the earth!
Well, it is
Valentine's Day
Cruella:
Hasta la vista!
Well, goodbye, heartbreak!
When you care enough
to shred the very best.
What
Come to gloat, I suppose,
at the only person in the world
who doesn't get any Valentines.
What's this?
A flower
And a gourmet chocolate bar?
A mood ring!
I really need this.
My last one exploded.
Now, don't expect me to fall
for that "dog is man's
best friend" falderal.
I didn't think this
was gonna work.
Just wait a second.
Just so you don't think we're
friends or anything.
Too bad none of you has
a trust fund to share.
Hmm.
Here, get this gaudy piece
of junk out of here
and clutter up your own yard.
Hmm, giving someone
a Valentine,
just to make them happy.
What a concept!
Come along, Scorch'ums,
we have some things to replace.
It's not as nice
as the other one,
but...
Oh, it's the thought
that counts.
Right?
Right! Just don't get
mushy or anything.
Huh? What is that man
up to now?
Don't push, don't push.
There's plenty of cake
to go around.
I just didn't want
my Valentine's Day cake
to go to waste.
♪ You love me
and I love you ♪
♪ With a heart
so full and true ♪
♪ Be my Valentine
I plead ♪
♪ Anita, love,
you're what I need ♪
It's a beautiful
Valentine, Roger.
I just hope Cruella
can get over it.
Oh, she's
a tough old bird.
She doesn't need
anybody.
Happy Valentine's Day,
Scorchy-poo.